welcome to another episode of weekly
Wednesday vlogs with me and my comic
book co-hosts slash correspondents
Batman and spider-man because Batman
won't leave and Who am I to tell Batman
to get out I dared you tell Batman to
leave this is my weekly show where I
basically talk about stuff that's going
on in my head or stuff you guys ask me
the things that I've noticed that I feel
you need to get touched upon and since
x-men Days of Future past came out in I
believe May or something it's been a
while so pretty much the majority if you
had to have seen it by now so I would
jump right into this because everyone's
been asking me even my friends in saw
the movie that didn't know I told him
the theater and their minds were blown
um there's a scene where we see
Quicksilver holding a baby like a little
kid like I wanna say five or six or
eight I'm not good with ages or whatever
but he hoped but he's holding a little
girl and everybody is already freaking
out I've read all the comments I've read
all the crap where everyone's like oh
how can that be Quicksilver sister
Scarlet Witch they're supposed to be
twins and blah blah blah and that's how
you spot a fan that doesn't read the
material because us real comic book fans
myself included will tell you right now
that magneto does not have two kids
he has three Scarlet Witch Wanda
Maximoff Pietro Maximoff cooks over and
Polaris B third little sibling of our
master of magnetism so that's basically
what I wanted to touch upon tell you
guys who exactly who the hell she is
Polaris is Magneto's third kid his
second daughter with green hair green
lipstick green costume all of that
her powers are basically like her
father's and she can manipulate
magnetism and all that good stuff and
basically from what I've gathered is
well I know you're all asking me where
Scarlet Witch is then sort of which is
probably if they've already started
capturing mutants and keeping some of
them in Haifa Silla T's or whatever I'm
pretty sure that's where she is
because let's be honest here Scarlet
Witch has been mentally unstable since
the day she was born
and until childhood and until even into
adulthood even until late adulthood when
she was on the Avengers
so she a crazy bitch sarli which is a
crazy bitch so what did you do with the
crazy mutant bitches you lock them up
you lock them up throw away the key
make sure they got they three square
meals and you feed them and in make sure
they don't destroy the earth by
muttering three words so that was my two
cents on that little Theory basically to
introduce Polaris or the movies to be a
really good things that do because
honestly we need some more people and I
would love to see how they remix Polaris
costume I love to see who they get to
play Polaris because introducing Polaris
is kind of early but at the same time
they're pretty can pretty much be
introduced with little-to-no like hard
explanation you know or she can just be
running around as a person who happens
to have Magneto's powers but then even
in that respect it's like who's this
chick running around that has your
powers magneto he's like I don't know I
will investigate this and bam finds out
he had another kid and all that good
stuff but I feel it'll be good introduce
her in the movies honestly we need some
more since what I think they're doing is
trying to meld both the franchises or
keep them separate would be better in my
opinion but that's another video but
basically I just want to touch upon that
with you guys and let you guys know that
that was not Scarlet Witch so that was
Polaris I can pretty much confirm this
because like everyone knows like I know
Quicksilver Scarlet Witch are twins so
they'll be born at the same time so
probably he doesn't even so probably
he's convinced that's his only sister
because the mom probably never said
anything about it he barely knows who
his father is you're the new you think
you're gonna tell him he's got a sister
held up in a maximum-security prison
he's gonna break her out also which I
think could be another scene or
something that they build up to in the
next x-men movie just to make get extra
help but like I said Scarlet Witch hi
maximum security prison Quicksilver is
convinced he only has one sister
which is the one he's holding we don't
get a name yet but obviously this is
what they wanted to do with our theories
and whatnot so I'm gonna throw my theory
out there that's culeros and we're gonna
leave it at that because everyone's
asking me everyone wants to know so now
you guys know and knowing is half the
battle
rainbow PSA the more you'd know about
x-men comics but thank you guys so much
for tuning in to another weekly vlog of
mine we all really appreciate it and I
appreciate love all you guys don't
forget to give me a big thumbs up if I
taught you anything new comment rate and
subscribe
all that good stuff comment down below
if I changed your mind or if I helped
you figure it out and always remember
that through good times and bad times
always remember to get out and enjoy
your lives and I'ma catch you guys next
week and the Saturday for more great
weekly content